# CSCI 560 Spring 2022
# Chapter 2
## 1. The Use of Scenarios in Computer Ethics Studies
The following vignettes, originally developed by Dr. David Paradice and extended by
Dr. Whitman in their research, can be used in an open and frank discussion of computer ethics. Review each scenario carefully and then answer each question by choosing from the following list the degree of ethical behavior you believe the person has displayed: `veiy ethical`, `ethical`, `neither ethical nor unethical`, `unethical`, `very unethical`. If you use these scenarios for class assignments, be sure to justify your responses.

### Ethical Decision Evaluation
1. A scientist developed a theory that required proof through the construction of a computer model. She hired a computer programmer to build the model, and the theory was shown to be correct. The scientist won several awards for the development of the theory, but she never acknowledged the contribution of the computer programmer.<br>
The scientist's failure to acknowledge the computer programmer was:<br><br>

2. The owner of a small business needed a customized inventory system. He identified
the various inputs and outputs he felt were required to satisfy his needs, showed his design to a computer programmer, and asked the programmer if she could build such
a system. The programmer knew she could implement the system because she had developed much more sophisticated systems in the past. In fact, she felt this design was rather crude and would soon need several major revisions. But she did not say anything about the design flaws because the business owner did not ask her and she thought she might be the one hired to implement the needed revisions later.
<br>The programmer's decision not to point out the design flaws was:<br><br>

3. A student suspected and found a vulnerability in her university's computer system
that allowed her access to other students' records. She told the system administrator about the vulnerability, but she continued to access other records until the problem was corrected two weeks later.
<br>The student's action in searching for the vulnerability was:
<br>The student's action in continuing to access others' records for two weeks was:
<br>The system administrator's failure to correct the problem sooner was:<br><br>

4. An online customer ordered a particular accounting software package from a popular computer software vendor's Web site. When he received his order, he found that the store had accidentally sent him a very expensive word-processing program as well as the accounting software that he had ordered. The invoice listed only the accounting software. The user decided to keep the word-processing program.
<br>The user's decision to keep the word-processing program was:<br><br>


5. A programmer at a bank realized that she had accidentally overdrawn her checking account. She made a small adjustment in the bank's accounting system to exclude her account from the normal balance audit so that her account would not have an additional service charge assessed. As soon as she deposited funds that made her balance positive again, she corrected the bank's accounting system.
<br>The programmer's modification ofthe accountingsystem was:<br><br>

6. A programmer enjoyed build ing apps to give to his friends. He would frequently go to his office on Saturday when no one was working and use his employer's computer to develop these apps. He did not hide the fact that he was going into the building; he had to sign a register at a security desk each time he entered.
<br>The programmer's use of the company computer was:
<br>If the programmer sold the apps, his actions would have been:<br><br>

7. Astudentenrolledinacomputerclasswasalsoemployedatalocalbusinesspart time. Frequently, her homework in the class involved using popular word processing and spreadsheet packages. Occasionally, she worked on her homework on the office computer at her part-time job during her coffee or meal breaks.
<br>The studenrs use o f the company computer was:
<br>If the student had worked on her homework during "company time" (not during a break), her use o f the company computer would have been:<br><br>

8. Astudentatauniversitylearnedtouseanexpensivespreadsheetprograminher accounting class. The student would go to the university computer lab and use the software to complete her assignment. Signs were posted in the lab indicating that copying software was forbidden. One day, she decided to copy the software anyway to complete her work assignments at home.
<br>If the student destroyed her copy o f the software at the end o f the term, her action in copying the software was:
<br>If the student forgot to destroy her copy of the software at the end of the term, her action in copying the software was:
<br>If the student never intended to destroy her copy o f the software at the end o f the term, her action in copying the software was:<br><br>
