# 1. If an organization has three information assets to evaluate for risk management purposes, as shown in the accompanying data, which vulnerability should be evaluated for additional controls first? Which vulnerability should be evaluated last?
+ Switch 147 connects a network to the Internet. It has two vulnerabilities:
(1) susceptibility to hardware failure, with a likelihood of2, and (2) susceptibility to an SNMP buffer overflow attack, with
a likelihood of1. There is a 75 percent certainty of the assumptions and data.
+ Server WebSrv6 hosts a company Web site and performs e-commerce transactions. It has Web server software that is vulnerable to
attack via invalid Unicode values. The likelih ood of such an attack is estimated at 3. The server has been assigned an impact value of 5. There is an 80 percent certainty of the assumptions and data.
+ Operators use the MGMT45 control console to monitor operations in the server room. It has no passwords and is susceptible to unlogged misuse by the operators. Estimates show the likelihood of misuse is 2. There are no controls in place on this asset, which has an impact rating of 4. There is a 90 percent certainty of the assumptions and data.

# 2. Using the Web, search for at least three tools to automate risk assessment. Collect information on automated risk assessment tools. What do they cost? What features do they provide? What are the advantages and disadvantages of each one?


# 3. [NIST SP 800 30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR0PvwKpDUA)
