# CSCI560 Spring 2022
# Homework 11
+ Note that We did not cover Chapter 10, there is no Homework 10.
# Due: 23:59pm 05/11/2022

1.  If an organization deals successfully with change and has created procedures and systems that can be adjusted to the environment, the existing security improvement program will probably continue to work well.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	True<br>
 	b. 	False<br>
  
2. Over time, policies and procedures may become inadequate due to changes in the organization's mission and operational requirements, threats, or the environment.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	True<br>
 	b. 	False<br>
  
3.  External monitoring entails forming intelligence from various data sources and then giving that intelligence context and meaning for use by decision makers within the organization.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	True<br>
 	b. 	False<br>
  
4. Intelligence for external monitoring can come from a number of sources: vendors, CERT organizations, public network sources, and membership sites.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	True<br>
 	b. 	False<br>
  
5.  Inventory characteristics for hardware and software assets that record the manufacturer and versions are related to technical functionality, and should be highly accurate and updated each time there is a change. (5 points)<br>
 	a. 	True<br>
 	b. 	False<br>
  
6. Rehearsal adds value by exercising the procedures, identifying shortcomings, and providing security personnel the opportunity to improve the security plan before it is needed(5 points)<br>
  a. 	True<br>
 	b. 	False<br>
  
7. The process of identifying and documenting specific and provable flaws in the organization’s information asset environment is called vulnerability assessment (VA).(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	True<br>
 	b. 	False<br>
  
8. \_\_\_ are a component of the "security triple."(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	Threats<br>	b. 	Assets<br>
 	c. 	Vulnerabilities	<br>d. 	All of the above<br>
  
9. To evaluate the performance of a security system, administrators must establish system performance \_\_\_.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	baselines	<br>b. 	profiles<br>
 	c. 	maxima	<br>d. 	means<br>
  
10. One approach that can improve the situational awareness of the information security function is to use a process known as \_\_\_ to quickly identify changes to the internal environment.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	baselining<br>	b. 	difference analysis<br>
 	c. 	differentials<br>	d. 	revision<br>
  
11. \_\_\_ penetration testing is usually used when a specific system or network segment is suspect and the organization wants the pen tester to focus on a particular aspect of the target.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	White box<br>	b. 	Black box<br>
 	c. 	Gray box<br>	d. 	Green box<br>
  
12. One approach that can improve the situational awareness of the information security function is to use a process known as \_\_\_ to quickly identify changes to the internal environment.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	baselining<br>	b. 	difference analysis<br>
 	c. 	differentials<br>	d. 	revision<br>
  
13.   \_\_\_, a level beyond vulnerability testing, is a set of security tests and evaluations that simulate attacks by a malicious external source (hacker).(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	Penetration testing<br>	b. 	Penetration simulation<br>
 	c. 	Attack simulation<br>	d. 	Attack testing<br>
  
14. The \_\_\_ process is designed to find and document vulnerabilities that may be present because there are misconfigured systems in use within the organization.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	ASP	<br>b. 	ISP<br>
 	c. 	SVP	<br>d. 	PSV<br>


15. The \_\_\_ vulnerability assessment is a process designed to find and document selected vulnerabilities that are likely to be present on the organization's internal network.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	intranet	<br>b. 	Internet<br>
 	c. 	LAN	<br>d. 	WAN<br>

16. \_\_\_ allows for major security control components to be reviewed on a periodic basis to ensure that they are current, accurate, and appropriate.(5 points)<br>
 	a. 	System review	<br>b. 	Project review<br>
 	c. 	Program review<br>	d. 	Application review<br>
  
17. Why should agencies monitor the status of their programs?(10 points)<br>

18. List the five domains of the security maintenance model.
(10 points)<br>
  
# Step 1: complete Questions 1 - 18
# Step 2: Save the answers in a PDF file, name it according to the requirement in the syllabus. 
+ For example, you can name it as CSCI560_Homework11_JohnDoe(0123456).pdf, where 0123456 is your BeeCard number.
# Step 3: Submit the PDF file on [Blackboard](https://blackboard.sau.edu/)
